Speed up `CreateDetectorTable` (#41631)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.17.0/Framework/Algorithms/Bugfixes/41631.rst

> - Performance improvements to `:ref: CreateDetectorTable <algm-CreateDetectorTable>` that should speed up the algorithm significantly for large workspaces with many spectra. This algorithm is used in the new Instrument View when opening, so this should improve the performance of that interface as well.

Reviewer: I personally prefer it when the thing that has been changed (especially if it can be hyperlinked) is the very start of the note. It saves the punters going through the emotional rollercoaster of: 

- reading that there is a performance improvement 
- getting their hopes up that it may be for their favourite algorithm
- having those hopes dashed against the impassive and unyielding rocks of `CreateDetectorTable`

```suggestion
- `:ref: CreateDetectorTable <algm-CreateDetectorTable>` has received some performance improvements that should speed up the algorithm significantly for large workspaces with many spectra. This algorithm is used in the new Instrument View when opening, so this should improve the performance of that interface as well.
```
